Aries: Your emotions could be in a very fluid phase, and it will be difficult for anyone to predict how you're going to react to some surprising news, including you! Just go with the flow and don't put any pressure on yourself to feel anything: calm, terrified, worried, happy. Just let the news soak in for a while. It might take days for you to fully understand how this makes you feel, so you can't expect to have instant clarity about it.
Taurus: You can feel passionate about more than just romantic things or other people! Use your strongest emotions to get your opinions out into the world today. By showing how strongly you feel about something, you'll be able to get the attention of influential people, and you'll be able to get people to share your excitement. Your emotions can be a driving force to make great changes that have been needed for a long time, so don't be afraid to use them.
Gemini: Making choices about your life based on what you think other people want you to do is not only unhealthy, it's also unwise. No one knows what is best for you better than you, so stop listening to the know-it-alls who just love to hear themselves talk. Trust yourself. Even if you make a mistake, it will be one that teaches you an important lesson. It'll also help you avoid that same pitfall next time. Independent thinking is not only healthy, it's wise!
Cancer: Try to keep yourself from getting upset when you talk to people who intimidate you. Avoiding emotional intensity and upheaval when you communicate won't be too difficult, though. Simply state your case clearly and you'll have real facts to stand on, not just heartfelt conviction. This rise in your intellectualism will help increase and hone your mental energy and earn you more respect. You'll be thinking quickly and wowing powerful people left and right.
Leo: You'll be able to get beneath surface-level small talk and zero in on what people really want to talk about quickly. Of course, whether you pursue their true intentions or not is totally up to you. If you are sensing that someone you don't like very much has a crush on you, for example, you should switch the subject! But if you're interested in them, too, this is your chance to work a few double entendres into your conversation. Heat things up a bit!
Virgo: It's time to create more calm in your life, and you can do this if you learn to accept things you don't like. You might not believe what people with different views than yours have to say, but you can't disrespect them simply because they disagree with you. Life would be pretty boring if everyone agreed on everything. You have to agree to disagree and rise above petty conflicts. Don't argue when you know there's no point in it.
Libra: You have wonderful ideas, so go deep and grab one of them! The more far-fetched the better. People have been waiting for you to bust out with something unexpected. Get back together with your old self and integrate it back into your present life. Just because you grow past a certain phase of life doesn't mean you should leave everything about it behind you. Take the healthy, positive stuff and bring it back into who you are now.
Scorpio: Take a good, long look in the mirror and remind yourself that while you might not be the hottest person on earth, you are definitely something special, especially in the eyes of the people who love you. Having a healthy level of confidence is more important than having a conventionally attractive outer shell. After all, it's just a shell. The magnetic energy you create when you believe in yourself is undeniable. Boost your ego and you'll see proof of this today.
Sagittarius: You'd better make some more room in your life for new ideas and new people because they're going to be coming at you soon. Toss out those old feelings, tired ideas, and outdated philosophies whose time has come and gone. Update your attitude and get with it. Things have changed in your life, and they're only going to continue. If you keep thinking the same way you thought ten years ago, you'll miss out on some major opportunities.
Capricorn: There is a new person in your life who intrigues you, but you don't know enough about them to get an accurate picture of who they truly are. You need to know more before you move forward with this relationship, no matter what stage it's in right now. Take the time to look at them objectively. Don't let your affections blind you to the truth. Unless you do this, you won't have all the information you need to make the right choices, no matter how confident you feel.
Aquarius: You could start to sense that a new beginning is coming in an old relationship. What had become routine almost to the point of feeling stale is slowly but surely having new life breathed into it. It's almost like a whole new ballgame. There's no way of knowing what has caused this resurrection of your deep feelings, but you should be grateful for it. New things are possible, and you should open your mind to that fact. It's okay to have hope again.
Pisces: Emotional upheaval can cause even the most level-headed people to say things they don't really mean. Keep that in mind if you overhear a surprising comment today. Eavesdropping is a fabulous sport, but it can be dangerous. Information you get that way isn't reliable, so whatever you do, don't repeat what you hear! This comment was heard out of context, so you don't know what it is you actually heard. Keep it to yourself and mind your own business.